README.md, before:

# RT Project Manager

This is an extension to create and manage projects that using RTLib library

## Features

Allow user to create project inside visual studio code workspace system  
Provide ability to config the project after the project is created

## Requirements

Require extension Cortex Debug and set up proper JLink Path in Cortex Debug extension

## Usage
1. Click RT Project Manager icon in view container<br>
![](readme_images/1.png)<br>
2. Click the `Click to init RT workspace` button to initialize the workspace<br>
![](readme_images/2.png)<br>
3. Select the location of the workspace and name the workspace<br>
![](readme_images/3.png)<br>
4. Select the folder of the RTLib library<br>
![](readme_images/4.png)<br>
5. New workspace should opened with RTLib folder in it<br>
![](readme_images/5.png)<br>
6. Click RT Project Manager icon in view container again and click new project<br>
![](readme_images/6.png)<br>
7. Create project by filling the information in the create project webview<br>
![](readme_images/7.png)<br>
![](readme_images/8.png)<br>
![](readme_images/9.png)<br>
![](readme_images/10.png)<br>
8. The template main.cpp will be opened after the project is successfully created<br>
![](readme_images/11.png)<br>
9. Click the `Property` button of the project in RT Project Manager Treeview to further config the corresponding project<br>
![](readme_images/12.png)<br>
![](readme_images/13.png)<br>
![](readme_images/14.png)<br>
![](readme_images/15.png)<br>

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `rt-project-manager.rtlibPath`: the path to the RTLib folder, will auto complete when workspace is initialized with this extension
* `rt-project-manager.make`: default path to the make program, will be update every time when it is changed during project creation
* `rt-project-manager.flash_size`: default value for the flash size, will be update every time when it is changed during project creation
* `rt-project-manager.ram_size`: default value for the ram size, will be update every time when it is changed during project creation

## Known Issues

None

## Release Notes


### 1.0.0 First Release

Basic of the extension is completed.<br>
RT chip project library can be created and config with this extension

### 1.0.1 Insignificant Fix

Update README.<br>
Correct the grammatical mistakes in extension description.

Commit message:

fix the wrong behaviour with h prefix empty extension file

README.md, after:

# RT Project Manager

This is an extension to create and manage projects that using RTLib library

## Features

Allow user to create project inside visual studio code workspace system  
Provide ability to config the project after the project is created

## Requirements

Require extension Cortex Debug and set up proper JLink Path in Cortex Debug extension

## Usage
1. Click RT Project Manager icon in view container<br>
![](readme_images/1.png)<br>
2. Click the `Click to init RT workspace` button to initialize the workspace<br>
![](readme_images/2.png)<br>
3. Select the location of the workspace and name the workspace<br>
![](readme_images/3.png)<br>
4. Select the folder of the RTLib library<br>
![](readme_images/4.png)<br>
5. New workspace should opened with RTLib folder in it<br>
![](readme_images/5.png)<br>
6. Click RT Project Manager icon in view container again and click new project<br>
![](readme_images/6.png)<br>
7. Create project by filling the information in the create project webview<br>
![](readme_images/7.png)<br>
![](readme_images/8.png)<br>
![](readme_images/9.png)<br>
![](readme_images/10.png)<br>
8. The template main.cpp will be opened after the project is successfully created<br>
![](readme_images/11.png)<br>
9. Click the `Property` button of the project in RT Project Manager Treeview to further config the corresponding project<br>
![](readme_images/12.png)<br>
![](readme_images/13.png)<br>
![](readme_images/14.png)<br>
![](readme_images/15.png)<br>

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `rt-project-manager.rtlibPath`: the path to the RTLib folder, will auto complete when workspace is initialized with this extension
* `rt-project-manager.make`: default path to the make program, will be update every time when it is changed during project creation
* `rt-project-manager.flash_size`: default value for the flash size, will be update every time when it is changed during project creation
* `rt-project-manager.ram_size`: default value for the ram size, will be update every time when it is changed during project creation

## Known Issues

None

## Release Notes

### 1.0.2

Fix incorrect behaviour when empty file with extension name start with h is opened

### 1.0.1 Insignificant Fix

Update README.<br>
Correct the grammatical mistakes in extension description.

### 1.0.0 First Release

Basic of the extension is completed.<br>
RT chip project library can be created and config with this extension
